Items to be considered throughout:
a. Are the questions context-free?
b. Is there any response with a bias?
c. Are there any overlapping backgrounds?

Background
5 our of 7 interviewees are students, majority being CS or Math students. For persona creation, consider merging CS students and Math students.

Level of education (Tendency may be result of convenience sampling)
All university students or graduates in Computer or Math related fields. The sampling pool is not randomized enough to deduce any correlation between the level of education and the use of scientific calculator.

Use of calculator
Most interviewees use calculator either on their mobile device or on a computer.

Frequency of usage
All the answers were 'everyday' or 'frequently'. As users are exposed to the calculator on a regular basis, facilitating features would be apealing to the potential users.

Context of usage
Mainly academic purposes, some use it in personal or professional context. The main clientele of the project could be students/teachers.

Type of Mathematical calculations
There is no clear tendancy on this as each interviewee has different need.

Device used / preferred software
There is a tendancy to use a physical calculator or a basic phone calculator for simple arithmatic calculations. But when it comes to more complex calculations, people tend to use calculation softwares on the computer. Due to a few ommission of the question in a few interviews, it was difficult to find a tendancy, but Maple is the most mentionned software.

Importance of user interface/design
Interviewees tend to give less to no importance to the UI or design. However, simple and easy to use would be a preferred design.

Undo/edit function
Most of interviewees answered it would be useful. Something to consider adding in the project.

History of previous calculations
Many of interviewees showed high interest to this feature. It could be the marketing point.

Experience with a scientific calculator
The responses to the question indicate that the majority of the individuals have a positive experience with scientific calculators. They find them useful for their daily work or academic work, and they consider them a convenient and reliable tool. Many individuals describe their experience as great or very useful, and some also use scientific calculators for advanced mathematical functions and visualizations. Despite one mention of frustration when getting an error, the overall trend of the answers is positive.

Explanation for the functions
There is mixed opinions on the need for explanations of functions on scientific calculators. Some individuals find it helpful to have a guide or online documentation available, especially when learning new functions, while others do not need explanations for most functions.

Most used features
The most commonly used features in a scientific calculator are basic arithmetic functions, logarithmic functions, and trigonometric functions. Some individuals also use statistical functions and conversion functions, while others use the visualisation and graphing capabilities of their calculator. In conclusion, the responses to the question suggest that the features used the most in a scientific calculator vary among individuals.

Goto function
Some individuals do not have a go-to function on a calculator, while others use basic arithmetic functions, square root, and specific functions for media preparation. In general, there were positive reactions to the ability to set up a hotkey (wheter the combination of calculations or a single symbol).

Navigating steps of the calculations
Some individuals prefer the ability to navigate through the steps of a calculation, while others do not. Some individuals believe it is useful for checking accuracy, while others prefer to just see the answer. Some individuals believe that both options should be available, and they would prefer to display only the results if they match their expectations but be able to query the results and see the steps if they do not. About 60% of the responses found this feature necessary.

Accuracy
Few individuals place great importance on accuracy in decimal places of calculations, while the majority place less importance on it. Some individuals prefer to use irrational numbers that have a convenient form and prefer higher precision. The accuracy of 5 decimal places is the most common answer.

Complex number handling
Most individuals do not need a calculator that can handle complex numbers. Some individuals have never used them and do not see the importance of this feature in a calculator, while others believe that the ability to perform complex numbers would make advanced calculations easier. In conclusion, the responses to the question suggest that most individuals do not need this feature, but some believe that it would be useful for performing advanced calculations. 

Pain point
Besides redo/undo feature, some pain points were: error message without explanation, lack of mathematical symbols. 

Meet your needs / Lack
The majority of the users (7 out of 8) believe that the scientific calculator meets their needs. One user mentioned that they would like the calculator to have an integral/derivative function and the ability to go back.

Add any ability
Most people have different opinions on what they would like to add to a scientific calculator. Some people are already comfortable with the functions of a scientific calculator and do not have any suggestions. However, some people suggested adding features like autocorrection, matrix operations, finding all possible roots, derivative, undo/redo feature, and graphing 3D surfaces. From the answers, it is clear that users have diverse needs and requirements for a scientific calculator, and the manufacturers should keep these requirements in mind while designing the scientific calculators.

Varia
Out of the eight responses, two respondents have shared that they do not have any additional views to share about scientific calculators. Two respondents have mentioned the importance of the ability to perform matrix operations in a graphical interface. Based on the responses, it can be concluded that most of the respondents are satisfied with their current scientific calculator and do not have any significant complaints. However, some respondents have mentioned the need for additional features such as matrix operations, autocorrection, error handling mechanism, and undo/redo features, which could enhance the user experience.

General conclusion
Due to the convenience sampling and the context of the project (class project), there were some similar samples. However, it was interesting to see the different perspective amongst those samples with similar background.
It is recommended to merge personas with similar backgrounds. 
Although we do not have a large enough sampling pool to come up with a solid deduction, we can say that our main clientele are those in the academic field. Those who use calculation software professionally already use specialized softwares (stats/analytical/graphic).
Also, we should definitely consider some of the ideas that came out from the pain points.
