2. Could you briefly tell me about your background and yourself?
(If the interviewee does not mention their occupation) 2b. Could you describe your current occupation?

I grew up in California. I am a 21 year old full time university student studying civil engineering. I plan on having a job this summer as an intern for Morrow Meadows. Right now I’ve just been focusing on school.

3. Could you tell me about your educational profile?   
I’m currently going to California Polytechnic State University of Pomona striving to earn a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering. As of right now, I am a 4th-year and plan to graduate this year.   

4. How do you solve calculations in your daily life?
I solve calculations with my TI-84 Plus calculator for my homework assignments and other daily computations.  
4b. What kind of mathematical calculations do you perform? 
I perform simple arithmetic, derivatives, trigonometry, and geometric calculations for my engineering courses.  

6. Under which context do you use a calculator? (eg. work, academic, personal)
I use my calculation for academic and personal reasons. 

7. What kind of devices do you use to perform the calculations?
(If the interviewee answered computer or phone) 7b. Do you prefer any specific softwares to do these calculations on?

Other than my calculator I used my phone and computer to solve some of my calculations.

On my phone, I use the application Desmos when it is necessary for graphing equations.  For my computer, I use website links like Symbolab and calculators for things like quadratic equations, complex math, and derivatives.  

8. How important is the user interface and design of a calculator to you? 

The user interface and design of a calculator are really important to me.  Within my field, it is important to do calculations in a short amount of time so having an interface that is organized and easy to navigate will help do that.  Most online calculators I’ve used had horrible interfaces so I would just find a different one to use most of the time.  
9. Do you need to be able to save and recall previous calculations or export them for later?

Yes

10. Would you consider the undo/edit function important in a calculator?

Yes  

11. How useful would you find a calculator that provides the history of previous calculations?

I would find it very useful.  Most of the time I need to use previous answers to calculations I’ve done in other equations.  Being able to have access to that history speeds up the work I have to do.   

12. How would you describe your experience with a scientific calculator, if you have any?

Being able to have access to a calculator that has mainly everything you need is a very convenient tool to have. I currently have 2 scientific calculators that I use daily for academic work. My experience with these calculators has been great.  

13. Do you usually need an explanation for the functions on a scientific calculator? 

For most functions, I don't need an explanation of how to use them but I know some calculators have statistic functions that I don't know how to use.  

14. What are the features that you use the most in a scientific calculator?

I use the function: log, SIN/COS/TAN, Inverse SIN/COS/TAN, e^x, ln(x)   

15. What is your goto function on a calculator? Would you prefer a hotkey mapped for this function?

I don't really have a goto function because I use most of them. If I could have a hotkey for a button I would choose the STO button.  This function stores the value of a previous calculation into a variable set by the user.  

16. Would you prefer the ability to navigate through the steps of the calculation?

If a calculator had the ability to navigate the steps of a calculation, it would be quite helpful but I feel like there should be a button that can enable and disable this feature.  I believe the steps of the calculation are only necessary when the user needs them but if the user knows how to do it already it would be redundant sometimes.  

17. How important is accuracy in decimal places of your calculations?

Some of my answers need scientific notation so the precision  would preferably need to be higher. Other solutions I solve need to be quite accurate so answers with higher precision will be needed to get the final answer as close to the target value as possible.   

18. Would you need a calculator that can handle complex numbers?

A feature that can handle complex numbers isn't a tool I use other than maybe one freshman-year class.  The importance of it in the means of a calculator seems small compared to the rest of the functions that can take its place.   

19. What are the most frustrating things about your calculator?

I don’t have any frustrating things to share about my calculator. It has helped me solve any problem that I needed from it so far.

20. Does the scientific calculator meet your needs? If not, what do you think does it lack?

My scientific calculator does meet my needs.  

21. If you could add any ability, which one would you add in a scientific calculator?

I believe the scientific calculator already has all the abilities I would need from it.

22. Is there anything else that you would like to share about your views/use of a calculator?

No lol
